README.rst, before:

****************************************************
vsutillib: module with utility functions and classes
****************************************************


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/vsutillib.svg
  :target: https://pypi.org/project/vsutillib

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/vsutillib.svg
  :target: https://pypi.org/project/vsutillib


These are a collection of functions and classes that I use on
my applications to made easier to maintain I decided to release
it and install as a dependency of apps like mkvbatchmultiplex.

Description
===========

A range of functions and classes with a variety of uses for
example:

    - functions

        * **getFileList** - return the files on a directory in
            **list** of pathlib.Path objects
        * **findFile** - find a file in the system Path
            return a pathlib.Path object if found
        * **getExecutable** - find executable file
            in PATH and the normal installation paths for Windows
            and macOS for linux is like findFile

    - classes

        * **RunCommand** - execute command in subprocess and capture
            output optionally apply regular expression searches
            and apply a supplied function to receive every line
            read and process them as needed
        * **ConfigurationSettings** - maintain a set of ConfigurationSettings
            in a **dictionary** and saved it in xml file

    - utilities

        * **mkvrun** - CLI utility to execute MKVToolNix_ generated
            command line.  MKVBatchMultiplex_ is a GUI implementation
            of this and the main reason this module goes public.
        * **apply2files** - apply a command to all files in the directory
            specified in recursive by default

and so on...

Installation
============

::

    pip install vsutillib
    or download the source

Main development platform is Windows but the majority of functions
work on Linux and macOS.  Some are OS specific like isDarkMode that
detect if macOS Mojave is running in Dark Mode.  If the function is
run on Linux or Windows always returns **False**.

Dependencies
************

    * lxml_ 4.3.3 or greater on system
      XmlDB simple xml database
    * pymediainfo_ 4.0 or greater
      MediaFileInfo depends on it
    * Python_ 3.5->3.7
    * MediaInfo_ tested with versions 17.10->18.12.
      This is only for Linux a dependency of pymediainfo.
    * MKVToolNix_ tested with versions 17.00->34.0.0
      mkvrun depends on it.

lxml and pymediainfo are installed automatically they are the only
python libraries used.  The other programs follow website instructions.
Besides lxml all dependencies are for very specific uses if you don't
have them on your system not much functionality is lost.

On macOS 10.14 Dark Mode MKVToolNix has to be version 30.0.0+

Usage
=====

Import the the library in your program:
::

    from vsutillib import files
    from vsutillib import log
    from vsutillib import macos
    from vsutillib import media
    from vsutillib import mkv
    from vsutillib import network
    from vsutillib import process
    from vsutillib import scripts
    from vsutillib import xml

Roadmap
=======

Document all classes and functions.

.. Hyperlinks.

.. _pymediainfo: https://pypi.org/project/pymediainfo/
.. _Python: https://www.python.org/downloads/
.. _MKVToolNix: https://mkvtoolnix.download/
.. _Matroska: https://www.matroska.org/
.. _MediaInfo: https://mediaarea.net/en/MediaInfo
.. _AVI: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/directshow/avi-file-format/
.. _SRT: https://matroska.org/technical/specs/subtitles/srt.html
.. _MKVBatchMultiplex: https://github.com/akai10tsuki/mkvbatchmultiplex
.. _`The TV Database`: https://www.thetvdb.com/
.. _`The Movie Database`: https://www.themoviedb.org/
.. _`ubuntu 18.04 LTS`: https://www.ubuntu.com/
.. _`macOS 10.14 Mojave`: https://www.apple.com/macos/mojave/
.. _`Windows 10`: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows
.. _lxml: https://lxml.de/

Commit message:

chg: documentation and setup tweaks for first release 	modified:   MANIFEST.in 	modified:   README.rst 	modified:   docs/source/installation.rst 	modified:   docs/source/introduction.rst 	modified:   docs/source/reference/modules.rst 	deleted:    docs/source/reference/vsutillib.mkv.rst 	modified:   setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/config.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-files/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-log/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-macos/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-media/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-misc/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-mkv/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-mkv/vsutillib/mkv/classes/verifystructure.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-network/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-process/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-pyqt/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-scripts/setup.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-scripts/vsutillib/scripts/apply2files.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-scripts/vsutillib/scripts/dsf2wv.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-scripts/vsutillib/scripts/mkvrun.py 	modified:   vsutillib/vsutillib-vsxml/setup.py

README.rst, after:

****************************************************
vsutillib: module with utility functions and classes
****************************************************


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/vsutillib.svg
  :target: https://pypi.org/project/vsutillib

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/vsutillib.svg
  :target: https://pypi.org/project/vsutillib


These are a collection of functions and classes that I use on
my applications to made easier to maintain I decided to release
it and install as a dependency of apps like mkvbatchmultiplex.

Description
===========

A range of functions and classes with a variety of uses for
example:

    - functions

        * **getFileList** - return the files on a directory in
            **list** of pathlib.Path objects
        * **findFile** - find a file in the system Path
            return a pathlib.Path object if found
        * **getExecutable** - find executable file
            in PATH and the normal installation paths for Windows
            and macOS for linux is like findFile

    - classes

        * **RunCommand** - execute command in subprocess and capture
            output optionally apply regular expression searches
            and apply a supplied function to receive every line
            read and process them as needed
        * **ConfigurationSettings** - maintain a set of ConfigurationSettings
            in a **dictionary** and saved it in xml file

    - utilities

        * **mkvrun** - CLI utility to execute MKVToolNix_ generated
            command line.  MKVBatchMultiplex_ is a GUI implementation
            of this and the main reason this module goes public.
        * **apply2files** - apply a command to all files in the directory
            specified in recursive by default

and so on...

Installation
============

.. code:: bash

    pip install vsutillib

This install all sub packages.

You can also install any individual packages.

.. code:: bash

    pip install vsutillib-files
    pip install vsutillib-log
    pip install vsutillib-macos
    pip install vsutillib-media
    pip install vsutillib-network
    pip install vsutillib-processing
    pip install vsutillib-vsxml

Main development platform is Windows but limited testing show they
work on Lin Linux and macOS.  The only OS specific is **vsutillib.macos**
but it run on other operating systems it won't raise exception
the results will mainly be **None**.

Dependencies
************

    * lxml_ 4.3.3 or greater on system
      XmlDB simple xml database
    * pymediainfo_ 4.0 or greater
    * Python_ 3.5->3.7
    * MediaInfo_ tested with versions 17.10->18.12.
      This is only for Linux a dependency of pymediainfo.


Usage
=====

Import the the library in your program:
::

    from vsutillib import files
    from vsutillib import log
    from vsutillib import macos
    from vsutillib import media
    from vsutillib import network
    from vsutillib import process
    from vsutillib import xml


Roadmap
=======

Document all classes and functions.

.. Hyperlinks.

.. _pymediainfo: https://pypi.org/project/pymediainfo/
.. _Python: https://www.python.org/downloads/
.. _MKVToolNix: https://mkvtoolnix.download/
.. _Matroska: https://www.matroska.org/
.. _MediaInfo: https://mediaarea.net/en/MediaInfo
.. _AVI: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/directshow/avi-file-format/
.. _SRT: https://matroska.org/technical/specs/subtitles/srt.html
.. _MKVBatchMultiplex: https://github.com/akai10tsuki/mkvbatchmultiplex
.. _`The TV Database`: https://www.thetvdb.com/
.. _`The Movie Database`: https://www.themoviedb.org/
.. _`ubuntu 18.04 LTS`: https://www.ubuntu.com/
.. _`macOS 10.14 Mojave`: https://www.apple.com/macos/mojave/
.. _`Windows 10`: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows
.. _lxml: https://lxml.de/
