docs/source/installation.rst, before:


************
Installation
************

I'm working on the backbone to maintain the project on GitHub
once is up work on easy installations for the supported
operating system will be made.  If you are a python user
I don't see any problems you using the application right away.

Python package
==============

Python users can install the program using pip python dependencies
will automatically install if not installed.

.. code:: bash

    pip install mkvbatchmultiplex

Dependencies
============

The program uses:

    Python packages are installed is pip is used:

        pymediainfo - Python MediaInfo wrapper, you can find it at
        https://pypi.org/project/pymediainfo/

        PySide2 - GUI interface library used,
        https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python

    MKVToolNix - The target tool from witch we get the command,
    https://mkvtoolnix.download/

    MediaInfo library, witch you can find at
    https://mediaarea.net/en/MediaInfo.
    The library has to be available in the PATH environment variable.

Known Issues
============

* On macOS 10.14 Mojave:
    - dark theme MKVToolNix prior to 30.0.0
      don't work.
    - binary install always uses light theme
      this is not the case for the python install

Commit message:

chg: work on documentation 	modified:   README.rst 	modified:   docs/source/conf.py 	modified:   docs/source/gettingstarted.rst 	deleted:    docs/source/images/MKVToolNix-copytoclipboard.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex-addqueue.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex-afterprocess.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex-command.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex-logging.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex-mainbuttons.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex-start.png 	deleted:    docs/source/images/mkvbatchmultiplex.png 	modified:   docs/source/index.rst 	modified:   docs/source/installation.rst 	modified:   docs/source/introduction.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/modules.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.classes.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.media.classes.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.media.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.mkv.classes.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.mkv.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.mprocess.classess.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.mprocess.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.rst 	new file:   docs/source/reference/vsutillib.scripts.rst 	new file:   docs/source/source.7z 	modified:   docs/source/using.rst 	modified:   vsutillib/config.py

docs/source/installation.rst, after:


************
Installation
************

For installation on the command line of your operating system:

.. code:: bash

    pip install mkvbatchmultiplex

The library works on CPython 3.5->3.7

Dependencies
============

Some of the functions and/or classes use the following packages:

    Python packages are installed if pip is used:

        lxml_ - library for processing XML and HTML with Python

        pymediainfo_ - Python MediaInfo wrapper

    MKVToolNix_ - The target tool from witch we get the command

    MediaInfo_ - unified display of the most relevant technical and
    tag data for video and audio files.

Besides lxml these are really dependencies of MKVBatchMultiplex application
not necessary for majority of functions and classes.  Installation of MediaInfo
is only needed on Linux.  And this is only needed for everything to work.
lxml is use by XmlDB class witch can be useful.

Known Issues
============

.. _lxml: https://lxml.de/
.. _MediaInfo: https://mediaarea.net/en/MediaInfo/
.. _MKVBatchMultiplex: https://pypi.org/project/mkvbatchmultiplex/
.. _MKVToolNix: https://mkvtoolnix.download/
.. _pymediainfo: https://pypi.org/project/pymediainfo/
